c:\users\gijs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\selcount\bin\Debug\selcount.exe.config
c:\users\gijs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\selcount\bin\Debug\selcount.exe
c:\users\gijs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\selcount\bin\Debug\selcount.pdb
c:\users\gijs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\selcount\bin\Debug\selcount.xml
c:\users\gijs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\selcount\obj\Debug\selcount.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\gijs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\selcount\obj\Debug\Interop.InsightConnect.dll
c:\users\gijs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\selcount\obj\Debug\Interop.RevisionManager.dll
c:\users\gijs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\selcount\obj\Debug\Interop.SEInstallDataLib.dll
c:\users\gijs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\selcount\obj\Debug\Interop.SEPARTXLib.dll
c:\users\gijs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\selcount\obj\Debug\Interop.SolidEdgeAssembly.dll
c:\users\gijs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\selcount\obj\Debug\Interop.SolidEdgeConstants.dll
c:\users\gijs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\selcount\obj\Debug\Interop.SolidEdgeDraft.dll
c:\users\gijs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\selcount\obj\Debug\Interop.SolidEdgeFileProperties.dll
c:\users\gijs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\selcount\obj\Debug\Interop.SolidEdgeFramework.dll
c:\users\gijs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\selcount\obj\Debug\Interop.SolidEdgeFrameworkSupport.dll
c:\users\gijs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\selcount\obj\Debug\Interop.SolidEdgeGeometry.dll
c:\users\gijs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\selcount\obj\Debug\Interop.SolidEdgePart.dll
c:\users\gijs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\selcount\obj\Debug\Interop.SolidEdgeScreenCapture.dll
c:\users\gijs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\selcount\obj\Debug\Interop.SolidEdgeWebParts.dll
c:\users\gijs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\selcount\obj\Debug\Interop.StructureEditor.dll
c:\users\gijs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\selcount\obj\Debug\selcount.vbproj.ResolveComReference.cache
c:\users\gijs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\selcount\obj\Debug\selcount.Resources.resources
c:\users\gijs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\selcount\obj\Debug\selcount.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\gijs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\selcount\obj\Debug\selcount.exe
c:\users\gijs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\selcount\obj\Debug\selcount.xml
c:\users\gijs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\selcount\obj\Debug\selcount.pdb
C:\Users\gijs\Documents\GitHub\SolidEdge\selcount\bin\Debug\selcount.exe.config
C:\Users\gijs\Documents\GitHub\SolidEdge\selcount\obj\Debug\Interop.InsightConnect.dll
C:\Users\gijs\Documents\GitHub\SolidEdge\selcount\obj\Debug\Interop.RevisionManager.dll
C:\Users\gijs\Documents\GitHub\SolidEdge\selcount\obj\Debug\Interop.SEInstallDataLib.dll
C:\Users\gijs\Documents\GitHub\SolidEdge\selcount\obj\Debug\Interop.SEPARTXLib.dll
C:\Users\gijs\Documents\GitHub\SolidEdge\selcount\obj\Debug\Interop.SolidEdgeAssembly.dll
C:\Users\gijs\Documents\GitHub\SolidEdge\selcount\obj\Debug\Interop.SolidEdgeConstants.dll
C:\Users\gijs\Documents\GitHub\SolidEdge\selcount\obj\Debug\Interop.SolidEdgeDraft.dll
C:\Users\gijs\Documents\GitHub\SolidEdge\selcount\obj\Debug\Interop.SolidEdgeFileProperties.dll
C:\Users\gijs\Documents\GitHub\SolidEdge\selcount\obj\Debug\Interop.SolidEdgeFramework.dll
C:\Users\gijs\Documents\GitHub\SolidEdge\selcount\obj\Debug\Interop.SolidEdgeFrameworkSupport.dll
C:\Users\gijs\Documents\GitHub\SolidEdge\selcount\obj\Debug\Interop.SolidEdgeGeometry.dll
C:\Users\gijs\Documents\GitHub\SolidEdge\selcount\obj\Debug\Interop.SolidEdgePart.dll
C:\Users\gijs\Documents\GitHub\SolidEdge\selcount\obj\Debug\Interop.SolidEdgeScreenCapture.dll
C:\Users\gijs\Documents\GitHub\SolidEdge\selcount\obj\Debug\Interop.SolidEdgeWebParts.dll
C:\Users\gijs\Documents\GitHub\SolidEdge\selcount\obj\Debug\Interop.StructureEditor.dll
C:\Users\gijs\Documents\GitHub\SolidEdge\selcount\obj\Debug\selcount.vbproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\gijs\Documents\GitHub\SolidEdge\selcount\obj\Debug\selcount.exe
C:\Users\gijs\Documents\GitHub\SolidEdge\selcount\obj\Debug\selcount.xml
C:\Users\gijs\Documents\GitHub\SolidEdge\selcount\obj\Debug\selcount.pdb
